PivotGrid.ExcelJS export - fix descriptions (#66)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/ExcelJSOverview/description.md

To enable export in the **DataGrid**, reference or import the <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> libraries. Set **export**.[enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/#enabled) to **true**. 

> Now you can use the [exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/excelExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method to export the **DataGrid** into an Excel <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#create-a-workbook" target="_blank">workbook</a>. 

Reviewer: I don't like to use "Now" to start a sentence. This isn't a part of a tutorial where I'd say it's acceptable. Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Once the conditions above are met, use the [exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/excelExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method to export the **DataGrid** into an Excel <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#create-a-workbook" target="_blank">workbook</a>. 
```

To enable export in the **DataGrid**, reference or import the <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> libraries. Set **export**.[enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/#enabled) to **true**. 

> Once the conditions above are met, use the [exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/excelExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method to export the **DataGrid** into an Excel <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#create-a-workbook" target="_blank">workbook</a>. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the conditions above are met, use the [exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/excelExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method to export the **DataGrid** to an Excel <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#create-a-workbook" target="_blank">workbook</a>. 
```
